US. THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS
THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS EVENING.
EVENING. THE"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STAR
THE"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STAR NOW.
NOW. >> THANKS, MY FRIEND, MUCH
>> THANKS, MY FRIEND, MUCH APPRECIATED.
APPRECIATED. THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR
THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR JOINING US.
JOINING US. HAPPY MONDAY.
HAPPY MONDAY. THIS IS NOT A RERUN BUT YOU’LL
THIS IS NOT A RERUN BUT YOU’LL HAVE A LITTLE SENSE OF DEJA VU
HAVE A LITTLE SENSE OF DEJA VU BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN IS DUE TO BE SENTENCED
CHAIRMAN IS DUE TO BE SENTENCED BY A FEDERAL JUDGE AGAIN THIS
BY A FEDERAL JUDGE AGAIN THIS WEEK, AND I KNOW THAT SOUNDS
WEEK, AND I KNOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE LAST WEEK’S NEWS BUT THIS
LIKE LAST WEEK’S NEWS BUT THIS WEEK’S SENTENCING ON WEDNESDAY
WEEK’S SENTENCING ON WEDNESDAY WILL BE IN ADDITION TO THE
WILL BE IN ADDITION TO THE SENTENCING PAUL MANAFORT WENT
SENTENCING PAUL MANAFORT WENT THROUGH WITH THE FEDERAL JUDGE
THROUGH WITH THE FEDERAL JUDGE IN VIRGINIA LAST WEEK.
IN VIRGINIA LAST WEEK. SO THOSE HEADLINES FROM A
SO THOSE HEADLINES FROM A DISTANCE, THEY WILL LOOK
DISTANCE, THEY WILL LOOK SIMILAR.
SIMILAR. BEFORE WE GET TO THE SENTENCING
BEFORE WE GET TO THE SENTENCING ON WEDNESDAY, IT ALL SORT OF
ON WEDNESDAY, IT ALL SORT OF FEELS SIMILAR BUT THIS IS GOING
FEELS SIMILAR BUT THIS IS GOING TO BE A PRETTY DIFFERENT PROCESS
TO BE A PRETTY DIFFERENT PROCESS THIS WEEK BECAUSE THIS JUDGE IN
THIS WEEK BECAUSE THIS JUDGE IN D.C. WHO IS GOING TO BE
D.C. WHO IS GOING TO BE CONSIDERING MANAFORT’S FATE THIS
CONSIDERING MANAFORT’S FATE THIS WEEK AND HANDING HIM DOWN HIS
WEEK AND HANDING HIM DOWN HIS NEW SENTENCE ON WEDNESDAY, THIS
NEW SENTENCE ON WEDNESDAY, THIS IS THE JUDGE WHO IS GOING TO BE
IS THE JUDGE WHO IS GOING TO BE CONSIDERING NOT THE GUILTY PLEAS
CONSIDERING NOT THE GUILTY PLEAS FROM A JURY TRIAL LIKE THAT
FROM A JURY TRIAL LIKE THAT VIRGINIA JUDGE WAS CONSIDERING
VIRGINIA JUDGE WAS CONSIDERING LAST WEEK, THIS JUDGE IN D.C. IS
LAST WEEK, THIS JUDGE IN D.C. IS CONSIDERING SOMETHING VERY
CONSIDERING SOMETHING VERY DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. SHE’S GOING TO BE CONSIDERING
SHE’S GOING TO BE CONSIDERING THE FAILED PLEA DEAL THAT PAUL
THE FAILED PLEA DEAL THAT PAUL FAN FORT
FAN FORT MANAFORT GOT HILL SELF-INTO WHEN
MANAFORT GOT HILL SELF-INTO WHEN HE TRIED AND FAILED TO BECOME A
HE TRIED AND FAILED TO BECOME A COOPERATING WITNESS TO GET
COOPERATING WITNESS TO GET HIMSELF A MORE LENIENT SENTENCE.
HIMSELF A MORE LENIENT SENTENCE. YOU REMEMBER HOW THIS WENT DOWN,
YOU REMEMBER HOW THIS WENT DOWN, RIGHT?
RIGHT? MANAFORT WENT ON TRIAL IN
MANAFORT WENT ON TRIAL IN VIRGINIA.
VIRGINIA. HE WAS CONVICTED ON EIGHT
HE WAS CONVICTED ON EIGHT FELONIES, THE JURY WAS HUNG ON
FELONIES, THE JURY WAS HUNG ON TEN OTHERS.
TEN OTHERS. MANAFORT HAD BEEN DUE FOR A
MANAFORT HAD BEEN DUE FOR A SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL IN THE
SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL IN THE NEIGHBORING JURISDICTION OF
NEIGHBORING JURISDICTION OF WASHINGTON D.C. ON THE EVE OF
WASHINGTON D.C. ON THE EVE OF THE SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL WHEN
THE SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL WHEN MANAFORT INSTEAD JUMPED.
MANAFORT INSTEAD JUMPED. TRIED THIS NEW COURSE.
TRIED THIS NEW COURSE. HE ABANDONED HIS NOT GUILTY PLEA
HE ABANDONED HIS NOT GUILTY PLEA AND SAID HE NO LONGER WANTED TO
AND SAID HE NO LONGER WANTED TO GO TO TRIAL.
GO TO TRIAL. HE STARTED TALKING TO
HE STARTED TALKING TO PROSECUTORS.
PROSECUTORS. PROSECUTORS AGREED TO DROP ALL
PROSECUTORS AGREED TO DROP ALL CHARGES AGAINST HIM IN D.C.
CHARGES AGAINST HIM IN D.C. EXCEPT FOR TWO FELONY CONSPIRACY
EXCEPT FOR TWO FELONY CONSPIRACY COUNTS IN EXCHANGE, THEY GOT NOT
COUNTS IN EXCHANGE, THEY GOT NOT ONLY HIS PLEAD IN GUILTY BUT GOT
ONLY HIS PLEAD IN GUILTY BUT GOT HIM TO ADMIT EVEN TO THE --
HIM TO ADMIT EVEN TO THE -- ADMIT THAT HE WAS GUILTY EVEN TO
ADMIT THAT HE WAS GUILTY EVEN TO THE TEN FELONY CHARGES ON WHICH
THE TEN FELONY CHARGES ON WHICH HE HAD THE HUNG JURY IN HIS
HE HAD THE HUNG JURY IN HIS FIRST FEDERAL TRIAL IN VIRGINIA
FIRST FEDERAL TRIAL IN VIRGINIA AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, HE PLEDGED
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, HE PLEDGED TO COOPERATE WITH PROSECUTORS IN
TO COOPERATE WITH PROSECUTORS IN THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE. THAT WAS THE DEAL MANAFORT TRIED
THAT WAS THE DEAL MANAFORT TRIED TO MAKE TO SAVE HIS OWN SKIN ON
TO MAKE TO SAVE HIS OWN SKIN ON THE EVE OF WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
THE EVE OF WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN HIS SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL.
HIS SECOND FEDERAL TRIAL. AND THAT IS WHAT BLEW UP.
AND THAT IS WHAT BLEW UP. WHEN PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO
WHEN PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO THE JUDGE IN D.C. TO JUDGE AMY
THE JUDGE IN D.C. TO JUDGE AMY BERMAN JACKSON AND TOLD HER,
BERMAN JACKSON AND TOLD HER, HEY, JUDGE, DON’T THINK OF THIS
HEY, JUDGE, DON’T THINK OF THIS GUY AS A COOPERATOR.
GUY AS A COOPERATOR. DO NOT GIVE HIM ANY CREDIT FOR
DO NOT GIVE HIM ANY CREDIT FOR ACCEPTING RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIS
ACCEPTING RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIS CRIMES, FOR PROVIDING MEANINGFUL
CRIMES, FOR PROVIDING MEANINGFUL ASSISTANCE TO PROSECUTORS.
ASSISTANCE TO PROSECUTORS. HE’S NOT DOING THAT.
HE’S NOT DOING THAT. PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO THE
PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO THE JUDGE AFTER SHE APPROVED THIS
JUDGE AFTER SHE APPROVED THIS PLEA DEAL AND PROSECUTORS TOLD
PLEA DEAL AND PROSECUTORS TOLD HER IT’S OFF.
HER IT’S OFF. MANAFORT HAS LIED TO US MULTIPLE
MANAFORT HAS LIED TO US MULTIPLE TIMES ON MULTIPLE PSUBJECTS.
TIMES ON MULTIPLE PSUBJECTS. HE CAN’T DO THAT.
HE CAN’T DO THAT. THIS WEEK IS WHEN WE’LL SEE THAT
THIS WEEK IS WHEN WE’LL SEE THAT COME DUE.
COME DUE. THIS FEDERAL JUDGE WHO WILL
THIS FEDERAL JUDGE WHO WILL SENTENCE MANAFORT ON WEDNESDAY,
SENTENCE MANAFORT ON WEDNESDAY, SHE’S THE JUDGE THAT TOOK
SHE’S THE JUDGE THAT TOOK MANAFORT
MANAFORT MANAFORT’S GUILTY PLEADING AND
MANAFORT’S GUILTY PLEADING AND SIGNED OFF ON THE PLEA AGREEMENT
SIGNED OFF ON THE PLEA AGREEMENT HE MADE WITH PROSECUTORS.
HE MADE WITH PROSECUTORS. SHE RULED FROM THE BENCH HE
SHE RULED FROM THE BENCH HE BROKE THE AGREEMENT BECAUSE YES,
BROKE THE AGREEMENT BECAUSE YES, SHE RULED IN COURT HE DID
SHE RULED IN COURT HE DID INTENTIONALLY LIE TO PROSECUTORS
INTENTIONALLY LIE TO PROSECUTORS ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS ON
ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS ON MATERIAL MATTERS.
MATERIAL MATTERS. THIS IS THE SAME JUDGE THAT PUT
THIS IS THE SAME JUDGE THAT PUT MANAFORT IN JAIL IN THE FIRST
MANAFORT IN JAIL IN THE FIRST PLACE.
PLACE. LAST JUNE.
LAST JUNE. THIS WAS THE JUDGE THAT RULED HE
THIS WAS THE JUDGE THAT RULED HE HAD VIOLATED HIS BAIL CONDITIONS
HAD VIOLATED HIS BAIL CONDITIONS BY TAMPERING WITH WITNESSES
BY TAMPERING WITH WITNESSES WHILE HE WAS OUT ON BAIL
WHILE HE WAS OUT ON BAIL AWAITING TRIAL.
AWAITING TRIAL. THAT ORDER FROM AMY BERMAN
THAT ORDER FROM AMY BERMAN JACKSON IN D.C. PUT PAUL
JACKSON IN D.C. PUT PAUL MANAFORT INTO A FEDERAL CELL AS
MANAFORT INTO A FEDERAL CELL AS OF LAST JUNE WHERE HE’S BEEN
OF LAST JUNE WHERE HE’S BEEN EVER SINCE.
EVER SINCE. NOW WE KNOW THANKS TO LAST
NOW WE KNOW THANKS TO LAST WEEK’S SENTENCE THAT HE ISN’T
WEEK’S SENTENCE THAT HE ISN’T GETTING OUT OF PRISON FOR AT
GETTING OUT OF PRISON FOR AT LEAST A FEW MORE YEARS, BUT THIS
LEAST A FEW MORE YEARS, BUT THIS WEEK WE’RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT
WEEK WE’RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT JUST HOW MANY YEARS HE WILL HAVE
JUST HOW MANY YEARS HE WILL HAVE TO SERVE IN TOTAL DEPENDING ON
TO SERVE IN TOTAL DEPENDING ON WHAT JUDGE JACKSON GIVES HIM ON
WHAT JUDGE JACKSON GIVES HIM ON WEDNESDAY AND NOW, AS WE HEAD
WEDNESDAY AND NOW, AS WE HEAD TOWARDS THAT WEDNESDAY RULING,
TOWARDS THAT WEDNESDAY RULING, THAT WEDNESDAY SENTENCING WITH
THAT WEDNESDAY SENTENCING WITH THAT JUDGE, A FUNNY THING IS NOW
THAT JUDGE, A FUNNY THING IS NOW DEVELOPING HERE AHEAD OF THIS
DEVELOPING HERE AHEAD OF THIS SENTENCING THIS WEEK.
SENTENCING THIS WEEK. AND IT IS ABOUT MANAFORT LYING
AND IT IS ABOUT MANAFORT LYING TO PROSECUTORS AND BREACHING HIS
TO PROSECUTORS AND BREACHING HIS PLEA DEAL AND NOT COOPERATING.
PLEA DEAL AND NOT COOPERATING. LAST YEAR, A REPORTER AT CNBC
LAST YEAR, A REPORTER AT CNBC NAMED CHRISTINA WILKI PULLED OFF
NAMED CHRISTINA WILKI PULLED OFF A NEAT TRICK.
A NEAT TRICK. THE NEWS SERVICE REPORTED LAST
THE NEWS SERVICE REPORTED LAST SPRING THAT MUELLER’S OFFICE HAD
SPRING THAT MUELLER’S OFFICE HAD STARTED LOOKING INTO THE TRUMP
STARTED LOOKING INTO THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S PREVIOUS BUSINESS
ORGANIZATION’S PREVIOUS BUSINESS DEALINGS AND ATTEMPTED BUSINESS
DEALINGS AND ATTEMPTED BUSINESS DEALS AND BUSINESS TRIPS TO THE
DEALS AND BUSINESS TRIPS TO THE FORMER SOVIET UNION.
FORMER SOVIET UNION. SO NOT JUST RUSSIA, BUT ALSO
SO NOT JUST RUSSIA, BUT ALSO PLACES LIKE GEORGIA AND
PLACES LIKE GEORGIA AND KAZAKHSTAN DATING BACK INTO THE
KAZAKHSTAN DATING BACK INTO THE 90s AND MAYBE BEYOND.
90s AND MAYBE BEYOND. IN THE WAKE OF THAT REPORTING
IN THE WAKE OF THAT REPORTING FROM MCCLATCHY, CNBC GOT A TIP
FROM MCCLATCHY, CNBC GOT A TIP ABOUT SOMEBODY THAT PLAYED AN
ABOUT SOMEBODY THAT PLAYED AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN TRUMP BUILDING
IMPORTANT ROLE IN TRUMP BUILDING EFFORTS.
EFFORTS. THE TIP WAS THAT IN GEORGIA AND
THE TIP WAS THAT IN GEORGIA AND KAZAKHSTAN AND RUSSIA, THE TRUMP
KAZAKHSTAN AND RUSSIA, THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION BAY SECLY LYBASICAL
ORGANIZATION BAY SECLY LYBASICAL PITCHED BIG TRUMP BRANDED
PITCHED BIG TRUMP BRANDED BUILDING PROJECTS WITH WHAT
BUILDING PROJECTS WITH WHAT AMOUNTED TO A THREE-PRONGED
AMOUNTED TO A THREE-PRONGED APPROACH.
APPROACH. ONE OF THOSE PRONGS WAS TRUMP
ONE OF THOSE PRONGS WAS TRUMP HIMSELF.
HIMSELF. THEY WOULD BRING TRUMP OVER
THEY WOULD BRING TRUMP OVER THERE HIMSELF TO GET PRESS
THERE HIMSELF TO GET PRESS ATTENTION AND DO EVENTS WITH
ATTENTION AND DO EVENTS WITH CELEBRITIES AND TALK UP WHATEVER
CELEBRITIES AND TALK UP WHATEVER IT WAS THEY WERE DOING.
IT WAS THEY WERE DOING. THEY BRING THE TRUMP STAR POWER
THEY BRING THE TRUMP STAR POWER AND THEN BRING MICHAEL COHEN TO
AND THEN BRING MICHAEL COHEN TO MAKE CONNECTIONS AND ALSO BRING
MAKE CONNECTIONS AND ALSO BRING AN ARCHITECT WHO WOULD SHOW OFF
AN ARCHITECT WHO WOULD SHOW OFF POSSIBLE DESIGNS FOR THESE
POSSIBLE DESIGNS FOR THESE POTENTIAL TRUMP DEVELOPMENTS.
POTENTIAL TRUMP DEVELOPMENTS. THAT WAS BASICALLY THEIR
THAT WAS BASICALLY THEIR THREE-PRONGED APPROACH TO MAKING
THREE-PRONGED APPROACH TO MAKING BUSINESS PITCHES OVERSEAS IN THE
BUSINESS PITCHES OVERSEAS IN THE FORMER SOVIET UNION.
FORMER SOVIET UNION. SO WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO
SO WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
HE BECAME PRESIDENT. WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MICHAEL
WE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. HE’S GOING TO PRISON.
HE’S GOING TO PRISON. WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER GUY?
WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER GUY? THE ARCHITECT WHO HELPED MAKE
THE ARCHITECT WHO HELPED MAKE THESE PITCHES FOR THE TRUMP
THESE PITCHES FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION HE HIMSELF HAS
ORGANIZATION HE HIMSELF HAS NEVER BEEN ACCUSED OF WRONGDOING
NEVER BEEN ACCUSED OF WRONGDOING THAT E WITH KNOW ABOUT.
THAT E WITH KNOW ABOUT. NOBODY HAS ALLEGED THAT HE HAS
NOBODY HAS ALLEGED THAT HE HAS DONE ANYTHING TO GET HIMSELF IN
DONE ANYTHING TO GET HIMSELF IN TROUBLE WITH ANY OF THIS STUFF
TROUBLE WITH ANY OF THIS STUFF BUT HE WAS PROXIMATE TO
BUT HE WAS PROXIMATE TO SOMETHING THAT IS REPORTEDLY OF
SOMETHING THAT IS REPORTEDLY OF INVESTIGATION AND WHERE THE
INVESTIGATION AND WHERE THE OTHER PEOPLE INVOLVED ARE VERY,
OTHER PEOPLE INVOLVED ARE VERY, VERY MUCH AT THE CENTER OF ON
VERY MUCH AT THE CENTER OF ON GOING INVESTIGATIONS.
GOING INVESTIGATIONS. IF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION
IF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION STARTED TO INVESTIGATE THIS PART
STARTED TO INVESTIGATE THIS PART OF TRUMP’S BUSINESS PAST, WHAT
OF TRUMP’S BUSINESS PAST, WHAT ABOUT THIS OTHER GUY?
ABOUT THIS OTHER GUY? I MEAN, THE ARCHITECT WHO WAS
I MEAN, THE ARCHITECT WHO WAS INVOLVED IN THESE PITCHES, IS HE
INVOLVED IN THESE PITCHES, IS HE NOW PART OF THE INVESTIGATION,
NOW PART OF THE INVESTIGATION, TOO?
TOO? SO CHRISTINA REPORTER AT CNBC
SO CHRISTINA REPORTER AT CNBC REACHED OUT TO THAT ARCHITECT.
REACHED OUT TO THAT ARCHITECT. SHE GOT A TIP HE WAS INVOLVED IN
SHE GOT A TIP HE WAS INVOLVED IN THE PROJECTS AND THE PROJECTS
THE PROJECTS AND THE PROJECTS ARE SUBJECT OF INTEREST TO
ARE SUBJECT OF INTEREST TO ROBERT MUELLER AND SHE REACHES
ROBERT MUELLER AND SHE REACHES OUT AND THAT IS WHEN SHE PULL
OUT AND THAT IS WHEN SHE PULL THAT RABBIT OUT OF THE HATE.
THAT RABBIT OUT OF THE HATE. THIS MAGIC TRICK.
THIS MAGIC TRICK. SHE DIDN’T LIKE SAW THE GUY IN
SHE DIDN’T LIKE SAW THE GUY IN HALF BUT IT’S THE JOURNALIST
HALF BUT IT’S THE JOURNALIST EQUIVALENT.
EQUIVALENT. THE ARCHITECT DID NOT RESPOND TO
THE ARCHITECT DID NOT RESPOND TO A CALL OR E-MAIL BUT EIGHT HOURS
A CALL OR E-MAIL BUT EIGHT HOURS LATER, MEANING EIGHT HOURS AFTER
LATER, MEANING EIGHT HOURS AFTER WE CALLED AND HE MAILED, HE
WE CALLED AND HE MAILED, HE ANNOUNCED HE WAS CLOSING AFTER
ANNOUNCED HE WAS CLOSING AFTER TEN YEARS IN BUSINESS.
TEN YEARS IN BUSINESS. A FEW DAYS LATER, HE CLOSED DOWN
A FEW DAYS LATER, HE CLOSED DOWN THE TWITTER ACCOUNT HE USED TO
THE TWITTER ACCOUNT HE USED TO ANNOUNCE HE WAS CLOSING DOWN THE
ANNOUNCE HE WAS CLOSING DOWN THE ARCHITECTURE FIRM.
ARCHITECTURE FIRM. BY THE END OF THE WEEK, THE
BY THE END OF THE WEEK, THE CONTENT FROM HIS PROFESSIONAL
CONTENT FROM HIS PROFESSIONAL WEBSITE INCLUDING HIS ENTIRE
WEBSITE INCLUDING HIS ENTIRE INTERNATIONAL ARCHITECTURE
INTERNATIONAL ARCHITECTURE PORTFOLIO HAD BEEN REMOVED FROM
PORTFOLIO HAD BEEN REMOVED FROM THE WEB ENTIRELY AND GONE ANY
THE WEB ENTIRELY AND GONE ANY REFERENCE TO THE TWO OVERSEAS
REFERENCE TO THE TWO OVERSEAS BRANCHS TO HIS ARCHITECT FIRM HE
BRANCHS TO HIS ARCHITECT FIRM HE HAD OPENED IN GEORGIA AND
HAD OPENED IN GEORGIA AND UKRAINE.
UKRAINE. WOW.
WOW. ONE CALL FROM A CNBC REPORTER
ONE CALL FROM A CNBC REPORTER DOES THAT.
DOES THAT. I MEAN, I’M USED TO GETTING IN
I MEAN, I’M USED TO GETTING IN COMMENTED.
COMMENTED. I HAVE BEEN NO COMMENTED UP THE
I HAVE BEEN NO COMMENTED UP THE YING YANG BUT THIS IS NO COMMENT
YING YANG BUT THIS IS NO COMMENT AND ALSO I NO LONGER EXIST.
AND ALSO I NO LONGER EXIST. RIGHT?
RIGHT? LIKE I LIVE FOR THAT.
LIKE I LIVE FOR THAT. ANYWAY, THAT REALLY WAS
ANYWAY, THAT REALLY WAS SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. AT THE TIME, YOU MIGHT REMEMBER
AT THE TIME, YOU MIGHT REMEMBER US TALKING ABOUT THIS ON THE
US TALKING ABOUT THIS ON THE SHOW.
SHOW. AT TIME WE HAD THAT REPORTER
AT TIME WE HAD THAT REPORTER FROM CNBC ON THE SHOW TO FIGURE
FROM CNBC ON THE SHOW TO FIGURE OUT WHAT HAPPENED THERE AND SHE
OUT WHAT HAPPENED THERE AND SHE WAS REWILTERED AS WE WERE.
WAS REWILTERED AS WE WERE. JOINING US IS CHRISTINA WHO
JOINING US IS CHRISTINA WHO SPOOKED THE ARCHITECT.
SPOOKED THE ARCHITECT. THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE. >> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME. >> DO YOU HAVE THIS EFFECT ON
>> DO YOU HAVE THIS EFFECT ON PEOPLE MORE BROADLY?
PEOPLE MORE BROADLY? >> I DO NOT.
>> I DO NOT. PEOPLE LOVE TO CALL ME BACK.
PEOPLE LOVE TO CALL ME BACK. >> THAT WAS LAST YEAR IN JUNE.
>> THAT WAS LAST YEAR IN JUNE. AND IT’S INTERESTING ABOUT SIX
AND IT’S INTERESTING ABOUT SIX WEEKS LATERISH, THE ARCHITECT IN
WEEKS LATERISH, THE ARCHITECT IN QUESTION DID RESURFACE BUT
QUESTION DID RESURFACE BUT WITHOUT HIS FIRM.
WITHOUT HIS FIRM. HE PUT UP A STATEMENT ON HIS
HE PUT UP A STATEMENT ON HIS WEBSITE ANNOUNCING QUOTE THIS
WEBSITE ANNOUNCING QUOTE THIS MOST RECENT TRANSITIONAL PHASE
MOST RECENT TRANSITIONAL PHASE OF MY CAREER BUT INSISTING I
OF MY CAREER BUT INSISTING I THINK WITH ANNOYANCE ABOUT THE
THINK WITH ANNOYANCE ABOUT THE PRESS CONFERENCE, HE SAID HE
PRESS CONFERENCE, HE SAID HE NEITHER VANISHED NOR
NEITHER VANISHED NOR DISAPPEARED.
DISAPPEARED. HONESTLY, HIS FIRM DID
HONESTLY, HIS FIRM DID DISAPPEAR.
DISAPPEAR. IT IS DID POOF.
IT IS DID POOF. NOW THAT SAME REPORTER AT CNBC
NOW THAT SAME REPORTER AT CNBC DOES APPEAR TO HAVE DONE IT
DOES APPEAR TO HAVE DONE IT AGAIN AND THIS TIME IT CONCERNS
AGAIN AND THIS TIME IT CONCERNS ONE OF THE THINGS THAT PAUL
ONE OF THE THINGS THAT PAUL MANAFORT LIED TO PROSECUTORS
MANAFORT LIED TO PROSECUTORS ABOUT.
ABOUT. THIS JUDGE IN D.C. THAT WILL
THIS JUDGE IN D.C. THAT WILL SENTENCE MANAFORT RULE THAT HE
SENTENCE MANAFORT RULE THAT HE DELIBERATELY LIED ON THREE
DELIBERATELY LIED ON THREE DIFFERENT SUBJECTS AND OF THEM,
DIFFERENT SUBJECTS AND OF THEM, THE ONE THAT I AT LEAST FOUND
THE ONE THAT I AT LEAST FOUND HARDEST TO FOLLOW BECAUSE OF THE
HARDEST TO FOLLOW BECAUSE OF THE REDACTIONS SEEMED TO BE ABOUT
REDACTIONS SEEMED TO BE ABOUT SOMETHING RELATED TO A PAYMENT
SOMETHING RELATED TO A PAYMENT RECEIVED IN JUNE 2017.
RECEIVED IN JUNE 2017. THIS IS AFTER TRUMP’S BEEN IN
THIS IS AFTER TRUMP’S BEEN IN OFFICE FOR HALF A YEAR AND
OFFICE FOR HALF A YEAR AND BEFORE MANAFORT GETS INDICTED
BEFORE MANAFORT GETS INDICTED BUT AT A TIME IT WAS BECOMING
BUT AT A TIME IT WAS BECOMING VERY CLEAR MANAFORT WAS CLEARLY
VERY CLEAR MANAFORT WAS CLEARLY THE SUBJECT OF MULTIPLE SERIOUS
THE SUBJECT OF MULTIPLE SERIOUS CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS.
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS. HIS LEGAL BILLS WERE STARTING TO
HIS LEGAL BILLS WERE STARTING TO MOUNT AND IN JUNE 2017 MANAFORT
MOUNT AND IN JUNE 2017 MANAFORT REACHED OUT TO A PROTRUMP SUPER
REACHED OUT TO A PROTRUMP SUPER PAC.
PAC. TO TRY TO GET FROM THEM SOME
TO TRY TO GET FROM THEM SOME MONEY TO PAY HIS MOUNTING LEGAL
MONEY TO PAY HIS MOUNTING LEGAL BILLS SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR
BILLS SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR $125,000.
$125,000. THE PAC DID NOT SEND THAT MONEY
THE PAC DID NOT SEND THAT MONEY BUT CHRISTINA APPEARS TO HAVE
BUT CHRISTINA APPEARS TO HAVE FIGURED OUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
FIGURED OUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT. AS HAVE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
AS HAVE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE WHO HAVE BEEN PURSUING
OFFICE WHO HAVE BEEN PURSUING THE CASE AGAINST MANAFORT IN TWO
THE CASE AGAINST MANAFORT IN TWO FEDERAL COURTROOMS AND
FEDERAL COURTROOMS AND SPECIFICALLY HAVE LITIGATED THIS
SPECIFICALLY HAVE LITIGATED THIS POINT WITH THE JUDGE ABOUT WHY
POINT WITH THE JUDGE ABOUT WHY PAUL MANAFORT LIED ABOUT THIS
PAUL MANAFORT LIED ABOUT THIS PAYMENT.
PAYMENT. SO THE PAC THAT MANAFORT
SO THE PAC THAT MANAFORT APPROACHED TO PAY THE LEGAL
APPROACHED TO PAY THE LEGAL BILLS WAS THE BIGGEST PRO TRUMP
BILLS WAS THE BIGGEST PRO TRUMP PAC.
PAC. HE WOULD FINANCE AND WOULDN’T
HE WOULD FINANCE AND WOULDN’T NEED TO TAKE IN DONATIONS FROM
NEED TO TAKE IN DONATIONS FROM ANYBODY.
ANYBODY. THIS WAS THE BIGGEST ONE THAT
THIS WAS THE BIGGEST ONE THAT TOOK IN OVER $24 MILLION IN
TOOK IN OVER $24 MILLION IN DONATIONS.
DONATIONS. AGAIN, NOT AS PART OF THE
AGAIN, NOT AS PART OF THE CAMPAIGN BUT AS A PRO TRUMP
CAMPAIGN BUT AS A PRO TRUMP SUPER PAC.
SUPER PAC. THE BIGGEST ONE.
THE BIGGEST ONE. THAT WAS RUN BY A VERY CLOSE
THAT WAS RUN BY A VERY CLOSE ASSOCIATE OF PAUL MANAFORT.
ASSOCIATE OF PAUL MANAFORT. HE BASICALLY SET UP THAT PAC AS
HE BASICALLY SET UP THAT PAC AS SOON AS HE WAS TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN
SOON AS HE WAS TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN CHAIR AND GREEN LIT THE CREATION
CHAIR AND GREEN LIT THE CREATION AND INSTALLED AS THE HEAD OF IT
AND INSTALLED AS THE HEAD OF IT A GUY WHO HE HAD DONE TONS OF
A GUY WHO HE HAD DONE TONS OF WORK WITH BEFORE, A GUY WHO SAY
WORK WITH BEFORE, A GUY WHO SAY LONG-STANDING WORK COLLEAGUE OF
LONG-STANDING WORK COLLEAGUE OF MANAFORT DATING BACK DECADES AND
MANAFORT DATING BACK DECADES AND REPORTEDLY GOTD FATHER TO ONE OF
REPORTEDLY GOTD FATHER TO ONE OF PAUL MANAFORT’S DAUGHTERS.
PAUL MANAFORT’S DAUGHTERS. WHAT CNBC IS REPORTING IS THAT
WHAT CNBC IS REPORTING IS THAT WHEN MANAFORT IN JUNE 2017 ASKED
WHEN MANAFORT IN JUNE 2017 ASKED THIS PROTRUMP SUPER PAC THIS IS
THIS PROTRUMP SUPER PAC THIS IS AFTER THE CAMPAIGN, CAMPAIGN HAS
AFTER THE CAMPAIGN, CAMPAIGN HAS BEEN OVER AND MANAFORT GOES TO
BEEN OVER AND MANAFORT GOES TO THIS PRO TRUMP SUPER PAC AND
THIS PRO TRUMP SUPER PAC AND WANTS $125,000.
WANTS $125,000. WE NOW CAN TELL BAY SECYE SICK B
WE NOW CAN TELL BAY SECYE SICK B ANSWER WAS YES BUT.
ANSWER WAS YES BUT. YES, PAUL, YOU CAN HAVE THE
YES, PAUL, YOU CAN HAVE THE MONEY BUT YOU’RE NOT GOING TO
MONEY BUT YOU’RE NOT GOING TO GET IT FROM ME EXACTLY.
GET IT FROM ME EXACTLY. INSTEAD, YOU SHOULD GET IT TO
INSTEAD, YOU SHOULD GET IT TO THE OTHER PLACE, THE OTHER
THE OTHER PLACE, THE OTHER ENTITY, THIS GENERIC NAMED FUZZY
ENTITY, THIS GENERIC NAMED FUZZY CORPORATE ENTITY WHICH ACCORDING
CORPORATE ENTITY WHICH ACCORDING TO CNBC WAS SECRETLY OWNED AND
TO CNBC WAS SECRETLY OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY A FAMOUS TONY AND
CONTROLLED BY A FAMOUS TONY AND IN FACT THAT LITTLE CORPORATE
IN FACT THAT LITTLE CORPORATE FUZZY ENTITY GAVE MANAFORT THE
FUZZY ENTITY GAVE MANAFORT THE MONEY.
MONEY. NOW, DO YOU CARE ABOUT PAUL
NOW, DO YOU CARE ABOUT PAUL MANAFORT GETTING SOME OF HIS
MANAFORT GETTING SOME OF HIS LEGAL FEES PAID FOR?
LEGAL FEES PAID FOR? DO YOU CARE?
DO YOU CARE? NO.
NO. NOT NOT ON STRAKT NONE OF US
NOT NOT ON STRAKT NONE OF US CARE ABOUT THIS BUT THERE IS
CARE ABOUT THIS BUT THERE IS THREE SORT OF HAIR RAISING
THREE SORT OF HAIR RAISING CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LITTLE
CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LITTLE REVELATION.
REVELATION. NUMBER ONE, WHY WOULD PAUL
NUMBER ONE, WHY WOULD PAUL MANAFORT LIE ABOUT THAT OVER AND
MANAFORT LIE ABOUT THAT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN TO
OVER AND OVER AGAIN TO PROSECUTORS WHEN HE WAS LEGALLY
PROSECUTORS WHEN HE WAS LEGALLY BOUND NOT TO LIE TO THEM ABOUT
BOUND NOT TO LIE TO THEM ABOUT ANYTHING AND WHEN THE QUESTION
ANYTHING AND WHEN THE QUESTION OF THE FREEDOM OF THE REST OF
OF THE FREEDOM OF THE REST OF HIS LIFE IS POTENTIALLY ON THE
HIS LIFE IS POTENTIALLY ON THE LINE IF HE DOES LIE, I MEAN,
LINE IF HE DOES LIE, I MEAN, HE’S DOING A PLEA DEAL WHICH
HE’S DOING A PLEA DEAL WHICH MEANS HE HAS TO COOPERATE AND HE
MEANS HE HAS TO COOPERATE AND HE CAN’T LIE.
CAN’T LIE. WITH THE PLEA DEAL HE CAN GET
WITH THE PLEA DEAL HE CAN GET OUT OF GOING TO PRISON.
OUT OF GOING TO PRISON. WITH NO PLEA DEAL, IT WILL BE
WITH NO PLEA DEAL, IT WILL BE SOME YEARS AT LEAST.
SOME YEARS AT LEAST. PROSECUTORS SAY THAT PAUL
PROSECUTORS SAY THAT PAUL MANAFORT NOT ONLY LIED ABOUT
MANAFORT NOT ONLY LIED ABOUT THAT 12$125,000 PAYMENT, HE TOLD
THAT 12$125,000 PAYMENT, HE TOLD THREE FALSE STORIES IN THREE
THREE FALSE STORIES IN THREE DIFFERENT MEETINGS.
DIFFERENT MEETINGS. PUT YOURSELF IN HIS SHOES FOR A
PUT YOURSELF IN HIS SHOES FOR A SECOND HE COMES UP WITH ONE
SECOND HE COMES UP WITH ONE FALSE STORY.
FALSE STORY. MAYBE YOU MISREMEMBERED AND THE
MAYBE YOU MISREMEMBERED AND THE PROSECUTORS COME BACK AND ASK
PROSECUTORS COME BACK AND ASK YOU ABOUT IT AGAIN.
YOU ABOUT IT AGAIN. THAT MIGHT BE A SIGNAL THAT
THAT MIGHT BE A SIGNAL THAT MAYBE YOU SCREWED UP THE FIRST
MAYBE YOU SCREWED UP THE FIRST TIME AND OUGHT TO MAKE SURE YOU
TIME AND OUGHT TO MAKE SURE YOU GET IT RIGHT NOW SINCE YOU’RE
GET IT RIGHT NOW SINCE YOU’RE LEGALLY BOUND NOT TO LIE TO
LEGALLY BOUND NOT TO LIE TO THEM.
THEM. BUT THEN YOU LIE TO THEM AGAIN?
BUT THEN YOU LIE TO THEM AGAIN? DIFFERENT LIE.
DIFFERENT LIE. YOU TELL THEM ANOTHER LIE.
YOU TELL THEM ANOTHER LIE. THEN THINK THEYEY COME BACK A TH
THEN THINK THEYEY COME BACK A TH TIME.
TIME. ARE YOU SURE?
ARE YOU SURE? THE THIRD TIME YOU TRY TO SNOW
THE THIRD TIME YOU TRY TO SNOW THEM WITH ANOTHER FALSE STORY
THEM WITH ANOTHER FALSE STORY ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. THREE DIFFERENT MEETINGS WITH
THREE DIFFERENT MEETINGS WITH THE PROSECUTOR SPECIFICALLY ON
THE PROSECUTOR SPECIFICALLY ON THAT PAYMENT.
THAT PAYMENT. THREE DIFFERENT LIES.
THREE DIFFERENT LIES. HE TELLS A NEW LIE EVERY TIME.
HE TELLS A NEW LIE EVERY TIME. WHO CARES?
WHO CARES? IT’S OKAY FOR YOU TO TAKE THE
IT’S OKAY FOR YOU TO TAKE THE MONEY FROM TONY.
MONEY FROM TONY. REALLY, LIKE THAT WASN’T A BAD
REALLY, LIKE THAT WASN’T A BAD THING.
THING. YOU’RE GOING TO GO TO PRISON FOR
YOU’RE GOING TO GO TO PRISON FOR MAYBE LIKE A DECADE FOR LYING
MAYBE LIKE A DECADE FOR LYING ABOUT THAT?
ABOUT THAT? THAT’S AN OKAY THING FOR YOU TO
THAT’S AN OKAY THING FOR YOU TO HAVE DONE.
HAVE DONE. WHAT IS THE PROBLEM?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? IS THAT
IS THAT SO THAT IS CONSEQUENCE ONE.
SO THAT IS CONSEQUENCE ONE. TONY SENDING MANAFORT $125,000
TONY SENDING MANAFORT $125,000 TO HELP WITH THE LEGAL FEES IS
TO HELP WITH THE LEGAL FEES IS NOT A CRIME AS FAR AS I CAN
NOT A CRIME AS FAR AS I CAN TELL.
TELL. WHY MANAFORT WOULD GO TO SUCH
WHY MANAFORT WOULD GO TO SUCH LENGTHS TO LIE WHEN THAT HAD
LENGTHS TO LIE WHEN THAT HAD SUCH DIRE CONSEQUENCES FOR HIM
SUCH DIRE CONSEQUENCES FOR HIM IS ABSOLUTELY INEXPLICABLE.
IS ABSOLUTELY INEXPLICABLE. THAT’S ONE.
THAT’S ONE. CONSEQUENCE TWO, DESPITE
CONSEQUENCE TWO, DESPITE MANAFORT LYING ABOUT IT OVER AND
MANAFORT LYING ABOUT IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN, THE PROSECUTORS KNOW
OVER AGAIN, THE PROSECUTORS KNOW THE TRUTH FROM COURT FILINGS, IT
THE TRUTH FROM COURT FILINGS, IT APPEARS PART OF THE REASON
APPEARS PART OF THE REASON MUELLER’S OFFICE KNOWS WHAT
MUELLER’S OFFICE KNOWS WHAT REALLY HAPPENED HERE IS BECAUSE
REALLY HAPPENED HERE IS BECAUSE THEY HAVE SPOKEN REPEATEDLY WITH
THEY HAVE SPOKEN REPEATEDLY WITH TONY, WITH THE GUY THAT DID PAY
TONY, WITH THE GUY THAT DID PAY PAUL MANAFORT THIS MONEY WHILE
PAUL MANAFORT THIS MONEY WHILE PAUL MANAFORT LIED TO THEM ABOUT
PAUL MANAFORT LIED TO THEM ABOUT IT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN
IT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND IN THE COURSE OF FIGURING
AND IN THE COURSE OF FIGURING OUT THE TRUTH OF THAT PAYMENT,
OUT THE TRUTH OF THAT PAYMENT, MUELLER’S OFFICE ALSO UNCOVERED
MUELLER’S OFFICE ALSO UNCOVERED A LITTLE BIT OF A KICKBACK
A LITTLE BIT OF A KICKBACK SCHEME.
SCHEME. NOT PARTICULARLY SOPHISTICATED
NOT PARTICULARLY SOPHISTICATED SYSTEM BY WHICH THESE GUYS WERE
SYSTEM BY WHICH THESE GUYS WERE BASICALLY SKIMMING OFF A BUNCH
BASICALLY SKIMMING OFF A BUNCH OF MONEY PEOPLE DONATED AT THE
OF MONEY PEOPLE DONATED AT THE SUPER PAC AND KEEPING IT FOR
SUPER PAC AND KEEPING IT FOR THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. THEY DISCOVERED THE TRUTH OF THE
THEY DISCOVERED THE TRUTH OF THE PAYMENT AND DISCOVER WHEN
PAYMENT AND DISCOVER WHEN GETTING TO THE TRUTH OF THE
GETTING TO THE TRUTH OF THE PAYMENT THERE WAS A LITTLE
PAYMENT THERE WAS A LITTLE SCHEME HERE, THERE WAS A
SCHEME HERE, THERE WAS A KICKBACK SCHEME AND CASH MOVING
KICKBACK SCHEME AND CASH MOVING NECESSARILY WHERE IT SHOULDN’T
NECESSARILY WHERE IT SHOULDN’T HAVE GONE BUT HARD TO TELL THIS
HAVE GONE BUT HARD TO TELL THIS STUFF DIRECTLY FROM COURT
STUFF DIRECTLY FROM COURT FILINGS IN THE MANAFORT CASE
FILINGS IN THE MANAFORT CASE BECAUSE OF THE REDACTIONS AND
BECAUSE OF THE REDACTIONS AND WRITTEN DOCUMENTS AND IN THE
WRITTEN DOCUMENTS AND IN THE TRANSCRIPTS BUT THROUGH
TRANSCRIPTS BUT THROUGH BASICALLY DOING THE MAT AND PLAY
BASICALLY DOING THE MAT AND PLAY PAIRING AND READING CLOSELY ALL
PAIRING AND READING CLOSELY ALL THESE DOCUMENTS AND REPORTING IT
THESE DOCUMENTS AND REPORTING IT ALL AND CALLING PEOPLE AND
ALL AND CALLING PEOPLE AND TRACKING THEM DOWN, CHRISTINA
TRACKING THEM DOWN, CHRISTINA APPEARS TO HAVE BASICALLY
APPEARS TO HAVE BASICALLY FIGURED OUT A WAY TO GET BEHIND
FIGURED OUT A WAY TO GET BEHIND THOSE BLACK BOXES IN THE
THOSE BLACK BOXES IN THE REDACTED TRANSCRIPTS TO ACTUALLY
REDACTED TRANSCRIPTS TO ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND WHAT IS GOING ON
UNDERSTAND WHAT IS GOING ON HERE.
HERE. AND SO IT APPEARS WHAT MUELLER’S
AND SO IT APPEARS WHAT MUELLER’S OFFICE HAS FOUND AND
OFFICE HAS FOUND AND DEMONSTRATED TO THE COURT AND
DEMONSTRATED TO THE COURT AND CNBC CAN DESCRIBE PUBLICLY FOR
CNBC CAN DESCRIBE PUBLICLY FOR THE FIRST TIME, IT APPEARS THAT
THE FIRST TIME, IT APPEARS THAT YEAH, MANAFORT GOT THIS PAYMENT
YEAH, MANAFORT GOT THIS PAYMENT FROM TONY, THE POLLSTER, IT ALSO
FROM TONY, THE POLLSTER, IT ALSO APPEARS THAT THE LONG-TIME
APPEARS THAT THE LONG-TIME MANAFORT FRIEND WHO PAUL
MANAFORT FRIEND WHO PAUL MANAFORT INSTALLED AS THE HEAD
MANAFORT INSTALLED AS THE HEAD OF THE SUPER PAC, THAT GUY AND
OF THE SUPER PAC, THAT GUY AND TONY, THE OTHER LONG-TIME PAUL
TONY, THE OTHER LONG-TIME PAUL MANAFORT FRIEND WHO MANAFORT
MANAFORT FRIEND WHO MANAFORT HIRED TO BE THE POLLSTER ALSO
HIRED TO BE THE POLLSTER ALSO APPEARS THAT THOSE TWO GUYS SET
APPEARS THAT THOSE TWO GUYS SET UP A SCHEME WHERE THE TWO OF
UP A SCHEME WHERE THE TWO OF THEM TOOK A 6% CASH CUT OF EVERY
THEM TOOK A 6% CASH CUT OF EVERY DOLLAR HE SPENT IN THE 2016
DOLLAR HE SPENT IN THE 2016 CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. AND AGAIN THE POLLSTER WHO
AND AGAIN THE POLLSTER WHO APPEARS TO BE CAUGHT UP IN THIS
APPEARS TO BE CAUGHT UP IN THIS STUFF, HE HAS REPORTEDLY BEEN
STUFF, HE HAS REPORTEDLY BEEN TALKING TO MUELLER’S
TALKING TO MUELLER’S INVESTIGATIONORS FOR A LONG TIME
INVESTIGATIONORS FOR A LONG TIME HE WAS SEEN LEAVING THE SPECIAL
HE WAS SEEN LEAVING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE AND CNN
COUNSEL’S OFFICE AND CNN CONFIRMED HE HAD MET WITH
CONFIRMED HE HAD MET WITH MUELLER’S PROSECUTORS.
MUELLER’S PROSECUTORS. WILKI REPORTS FABRIZIO DID AT
WILKI REPORTS FABRIZIO DID AT LEAST ONE MORE INTERVIEW SO
LEAST ONE MORE INTERVIEW SO WHATEVER WAS GOING ON WITH TONY
WHATEVER WAS GOING ON WITH TONY FABRIZIO, THAT IS ALL KNOWN TO
FABRIZIO, THAT IS ALL KNOWN TO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE. FABRIZOI IS THE SUBJECT OF A
FABRIZOI IS THE SUBJECT OF A DETAILED DOCUMENT REQUEST FROM
DETAILED DOCUMENT REQUEST FROM THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE WHICH HE HAS TO RESPOND TO BY
WHICH HE HAS TO RESPOND TO BY NEXT WEEK.
NEXT WEEK. BUT THERE IS ONE MORE
BUT THERE IS ONE MORE CONSEQUENCE.
CONSEQUENCE. THAT WILKI, PULLED OFF THE MAGIC
THAT WILKI, PULLED OFF THE MAGIC TRICK ONCE AGAIN.
TRICK ONCE AGAIN. SHE’S DONE IT AGAIN THIS TIME
SHE’S DONE IT AGAIN THIS TIME AND IN ADDITION TO REPORTING OUT
AND IN ADDITION TO REPORTING OUT L ROLE OF
L ROLE OF THE ROLE OF TONY FABRIZIO, THIS
THE ROLE OF TONY FABRIZIO, THIS GUY WHO WAS APPARENTLY PART OF
GUY WHO WAS APPARENTLY PART OF THIS CASH KICK BACK SCHEME WHO
THIS CASH KICK BACK SCHEME WHO IS APPARENTLY PART OF THIS WHOLE
IS APPARENTLY PART OF THIS WHOLE MYSTERIOUS $125,000 PAYMENT THAT
MYSTERIOUS $125,000 PAYMENT THAT MANAFORT IS GOING TO DIE ON A
MANAFORT IS GOING TO DIE ON A HILL LYING ABOUT, I MEAN, THE
HILL LYING ABOUT, I MEAN, THE THREE PLAYERS IN THE DRAMA ARE
THREE PLAYERS IN THE DRAMA ARE PAUL MANAFORT, TONY FABRIZIO AND
PAUL MANAFORT, TONY FABRIZIO AND THIS OTHER GUY WHO MANAFORT PUT
THIS OTHER GUY WHO MANAFORT PUT IN CHARGE OF THE PAC.
IN CHARGE OF THE PAC. THE GOD FATHER OF HIS FRIEND’S
THE GOD FATHER OF HIS FRIEND’S DAUGHTER AND WORKED WITH
DAUGHTER AND WORKED WITH MANAFORT BACK IN THE ’80s AND
MANAFORT BACK IN THE ’80s AND THE LOBBYING FIRM WITH ROGER
THE LOBBYING FIRM WITH ROGER STONE.
STONE. AND IN ADDITION TO MANAFORT
AND IN ADDITION TO MANAFORT INSTALLING HIM WITH THE SUPER
INSTALLING HIM WITH THE SUPER PAC KICK BACK AND KEY ROLE IN
PAC KICK BACK AND KEY ROLE IN THE TRUMP INAUGURAL RANDOMLY THE
THE TRUMP INAUGURAL RANDOMLY THE GUY THAT GOT PUT IN CHARGE OF
GUY THAT GOT PUT IN CHARGE OF TICKETING ALL THE TRUMP
TICKETING ALL THE TRUMP INAUGURAL EVENTS EVEN THOUGH HE
INAUGURAL EVENTS EVEN THOUGH HE HAD NO EXPERIENCE WITH THAT
HAD NO EXPERIENCE WITH THAT WHATSOEVER.
WHATSOEVER. OKAY.
OKAY. HE’S OF INTEREST.
HE’S OF INTEREST. WHAT ABOUT HIM?
WHAT ABOUT HIM? ABOUT HIS ROLE IN THIS?
ABOUT HIS ROLE IN THIS? THIS GUY IS A GUY NAMED LAWRENCE
THIS GUY IS A GUY NAMED LAWRENCE GAY.
GAY. HE APPEARS TO BE AT THIS POINT
HE APPEARS TO BE AT THIS POINT BASICALLY THE BELEAGUERED
BASICALLY THE BELEAGUERED SPOTLIGHT EXCUSE ME, SPOTLIGHT
SPOTLIGHT EXCUSE ME, SPOTLIGHT AT THE CENTER OF A FIVE-WAY
AT THE CENTER OF A FIVE-WAY INTERSECTION OF TRUMP RELATED
INTERSECTION OF TRUMP RELATED SCANDALS AND CRIMINAL
SCANDALS AND CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. HOW DOES LAWRENCE GAY FIT?
HOW DOES LAWRENCE GAY FIT? IS HE TALKING TO PROSECUTORS?
IS HE TALKING TO PROSECUTORS? IF FABRIZIO IS TALKING TO
IF FABRIZIO IS TALKING TO INVESTIGATORS ABOUT THIS ROLE OF
INVESTIGATORS ABOUT THIS ROLE OF THE SKIMMING KICK BACK AND HOW
THE SKIMMING KICK BACK AND HOW IT CONNECTED TO GETTING CASH TO
IT CONNECTED TO GETTING CASH TO MANAFORT, OKAY.
MANAFORT, OKAY. WE KNOW ABOUT MANAFORT’S
WE KNOW ABOUT MANAFORT’S CONVERSATION WITH PROSECUTORS
CONVERSATION WITH PROSECUTORS AND THE PROBLEMS THERE.
AND THE PROBLEMS THERE. WE KNOW THIS REPORTING ABOUT
WE KNOW THIS REPORTING ABOUT FABRIZO’S CONVERSATION.
FABRIZO’S CONVERSATION. HAS LAWRENCE GAY TOLD HIS SIDE
HAS LAWRENCE GAY TOLD HIS SIDE OF THE STORY, TOO?
OF THE STORY, TOO? HOW DOES HE FIT INTO THIS AND
HOW DOES HE FIT INTO THIS AND THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION AND INAUGURAL
INVESTIGATION AND INAUGURAL INVESTIGATION AND QUEUE
INVESTIGATION AND QUEUE CHRISTINA AT CNBC AND HER
CHRISTINA AT CNBC AND HER AMAZING JOURNALISTIC POWERS.
AMAZING JOURNALISTIC POWERS. CNBC ATTEMPTED TO REACH LAWRENCE
CNBC ATTEMPTED TO REACH LAWRENCE GAY SEVERAL TIMES BUT THE PHONE
GAY SEVERAL TIMES BUT THE PHONE AT HIS CONNECTICUT CONSULTING
AT HIS CONNECTICUT CONSULTING FIRM HAS BEEN DISCONNECTED.
FIRM HAS BEEN DISCONNECTED. HELLO?
HELLO? HELLO?
HELLO? THIS IS NOT A FLY BY NIGHT GUY
THIS IS NOT A FLY BY NIGHT GUY WHO NOBODY HEARD OF BEFORE,
WHO NOBODY HEARD OF BEFORE, RIGHT?
RIGHT? THIS GUY HAD BEEN IN THE PAUL
THIS GUY HAD BEEN IN THE PAUL MANAFORT UNIVERSE FOR 40 YEARS.
MANAFORT UNIVERSE FOR 40 YEARS. ONE CALL FROM CNBC ABOUT THIS
ONE CALL FROM CNBC ABOUT THIS AND POOF, HE’S GONE.
AND POOF, HE’S GONE. DISCONNECTED?
DISCONNECTED? JOINING US NOW IS CHRISTINA
JOINING US NOW IS CHRISTINA WILKI WHITE HOUSE REPORTER.
WILKI WHITE HOUSE REPORTER. I KNOW I’VE BEEN EMBARRASSING
I KNOW I’VE BEEN EMBARRASSING YOU.
YOU. THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE. >> IT’S MY SUCH A GREAT
>> IT’S MY SUCH A GREAT PLEASURE, RACHEL.
PLEASURE, RACHEL. >> YOU SEEM TO HAVE THIS ABILITY
>> YOU SEEM TO HAVE THIS ABILITY TO MAKE PEOPLE DISAPPEAR,
TO MAKE PEOPLE DISAPPEAR, DISCONNECT THEIR PHONE AND SHUT
DISCONNECT THEIR PHONE AND SHUT DOWN THEIR BUSINESSES AND
DOWN THEIR BUSINESSES AND ELIMINATE THEMSELVES FROM SOCIAL
ELIMINATE THEMSELVES FROM SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN YOU ASK QUESTIONS.
MEDIA WHEN YOU ASK QUESTIONS. I KNOW THERE IS A LOT OF
I KNOW THERE IS A LOT OF DIFFERENT COAL PHONEMPONENTS HER
DIFFERENT COAL PHONEMPONENTS HER THAT MUST HAVE BEEN A SURPRISE
THAT MUST HAVE BEEN A SURPRISE TO GET NO COMMENT BY LAURENWRENC
TO GET NO COMMENT BY LAURENWRENC GAY BUT TO HAVE HILL DISAPPEAR.
GAY BUT TO HAVE HILL DISAPPEAR. >> THERE IS NO WAY TO TELL WHEN
>> THERE IS NO WAY TO TELL WHEN HIS PHONE WAS DISCONNECTED BUT
HIS PHONE WAS DISCONNECTED BUT IT IS IN THIS DAY IN AGE, IT’S
IT IS IN THIS DAY IN AGE, IT’S UNUSUAL TO GET AN INTENSE BEEP,
UNUSUAL TO GET AN INTENSE BEEP, BEEP, BEEP OF A DISCONNECTED
BEEP, BEEP OF A DISCONNECTED PHONE.
PHONE. THIS NUMBER IS NO LONG NEAR
THIS NUMBER IS NO LONG NEAR SERVICE.
SERVICE. >> IN TERMS OF LAWRENCE GAY AND
>> IN TERMS OF LAWRENCE GAY AND THE SUPER PAC, I CAN IMAGINE THE
THE SUPER PAC, I CAN IMAGINE THE THINGS YOU WANTED TO ASK ABOUT
THINGS YOU WANTED TO ASK ABOUT BUT IT SEEMS LIKE WHAT YOU’RE
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE WHAT YOU’RE DESCRIBING IS NOT JUST YOU
DESCRIBING IS NOT JUST YOU FIGURED SOMETHING OUT BUT
FIGURED SOMETHING OUT BUT BELIEVE MUELLER FIGURED OUT
BELIEVE MUELLER FIGURED OUT SOMETHING ABOUT THE RULING OF
SOMETHING ABOUT THE RULING OF THE PAYMENT TO PAUL MANAFORT BUT
THE PAYMENT TO PAUL MANAFORT BUT WHAT APPEARS TO BE A KICK BACK
WHAT APPEARS TO BE A KICK BACK IN THE PROSUPER PAC, RIGHT?
IN THE PROSUPER PAC, RIGHT? >> THAT IS WHAT APPEARS TO HAVE
>> THAT IS WHAT APPEARS TO HAVE HAPPENED AND YEAH, WE HAVE
HAPPENED AND YEAH, WE HAVE FIGURED OUT THAT LAWRENCE GAY,
FIGURED OUT THAT LAWRENCE GAY, PAUL MANAFORT KIND OF INSTALLED
PAUL MANAFORT KIND OF INSTALLED THIS GUY HE TRUSTED AND TO
THIS GUY HE TRUSTED AND TO OVERSEE $24 MILLION THAT
OVERSEE $24 MILLION THAT MANAFORT SUGGESTED TO GAY THAT
MANAFORT SUGGESTED TO GAY THAT HE HIRE TONY FABRIZIO AD BUYING
HE HIRE TONY FABRIZIO AD BUYING FIRM AND THAT FABRIZIO AND GAY.
FIRM AND THAT FABRIZIO AND GAY. ONE MAN’S KICK BACK SCHEME AND
ONE MAN’S KICK BACK SCHEME AND THEY SET UP A SECRET COMMISSION
THEY SET UP A SECRET COMMISSION SPLIT AND ESSENTIALLY
SPLIT AND ESSENTIALLY OVERCHARGED THESE DONORS AND I
OVERCHARGED THESE DONORS AND I HEARD FROM LAWRENCE GAY’S LAWYER
HEARD FROM LAWRENCE GAY’S LAWYER AND HE SAYS HIS CLIENT HAS DONE
AND HE SAYS HIS CLIENT HAS DONE NOTHING WRONG.
NOTHING WRONG. HE’S A CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY
HE’S A CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY AND SO WE WILL SEE.
AND SO WE WILL SEE. GAY’S VOICE IS VERY ABSENT FROM
GAY’S VOICE IS VERY ABSENT FROM THESE COURT DOCUMENTS.
THESE COURT DOCUMENTS. YOU KNOW, WHEREAS THEY ARE OFTEN
YOU KNOW, WHEREAS THEY ARE OFTEN OBVIOUS REFERENCES TO MANAFORT,
OBVIOUS REFERENCES TO MANAFORT, INTERVIEWS AND OBVIOUS
INTERVIEWS AND OBVIOUS REFERENCES TO TOWNY FABRIZIO’S R
REFERENCES TO TOWNY FABRIZIO’S R HE’S THE TRUTH TELLER IN THIS AS
HE’S THE TRUTH TELLER IN THIS AS MANAFORT TELLS DIFFERENT
MANAFORT TELLS DIFFERENT STORIES.
STORIES. FABRIZIO LAYS IT OUT BUT THE
FABRIZIO LAYS IT OUT BUT THE THIRD MAN IS REALLY ABSENT.
THIRD MAN IS REALLY ABSENT. IT’S -- YOU KNOW, ANDOVER USELY
IT’S -- YOU KNOW, ANDOVER USELY THAT’S
THAT’S -- OBVIOUSLY THAT’S NOT AN
-- OBVIOUSLY THAT’S NOT AN ACCIDENT.
ACCIDENT. >> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE
>> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE DYNAMIC WHERE FABRIZIO AS FAR AS
DYNAMIC WHERE FABRIZIO AS FAR AS WE KNOW HAS SPOKEN WITH
WE KNOW HAS SPOKEN WITH MUELLER’S OFFICE AT LEAST A
MUELLER’S OFFICE AT LEAST A COUPLE TIMES.
COUPLE TIMES. HE’S DESCRIBED IN COURT FILINGS
HE’S DESCRIBED IN COURT FILINGS I THINK WE CAN NOW SORT OF SEE
I THINK WE CAN NOW SORT OF SEE IT THE WAY WE’VE GIVEN YOU THIS
IT THE WAY WE’VE GIVEN YOU THIS WINDOW.
WINDOW. WE CAN SEE HIM BEING DESCRIBED
WE CAN SEE HIM BEING DESCRIBED AS THE PERSON THAT GAVE
AS THE PERSON THAT GAVE PROSECUTORS WHAT THEY BELIEVE TO
PROSECUTORS WHAT THEY BELIEVE TO BE TRUE AND CORROBORATED
BE TRUE AND CORROBORATED INFORMATION ABOUT THAT PAYMENT
INFORMATION ABOUT THAT PAYMENT TO PAUL MANAFORT WHILE MANAFORT
TO PAUL MANAFORT WHILE MANAFORT HIMSELF WAS LYING ABOUT IT OVER
HIMSELF WAS LYING ABOUT IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
AND OVER AGAIN. DO YOU HAVE ANY SENSE NOW ABOUT
DO YOU HAVE ANY SENSE NOW ABOUT WHY MANAFORT MIGHT HAVE BEEN
WHY MANAFORT MIGHT HAVE BEEN LYING ABOUT THAT OVER AND OVER
LYING ABOUT THAT OVER AND OVER AGAIN?
AGAIN? LAWYERS REALLY DESCRIBED IT AS,
LAWYERS REALLY DESCRIBED IT AS, YOU KNOW, HE GOT MIXED-UP.
YOU KNOW, HE GOT MIXED-UP. HE GOT CONFUSED.
HE GOT CONFUSED. HE DIDN’T REMEMBER THE PRECISE
HE DIDN’T REMEMBER THE PRECISE NATURE OF IT BUT THE PROSECUTORS
NATURE OF IT BUT THE PROSECUTORS DOCUMENTED HE TOLD THREE
DOCUMENTED HE TOLD THREE DIFFERENT FALSE STORIES ON THREE
DIFFERENT FALSE STORIES ON THREE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS AS THEY ARE
DIFFERENT OCCASIONS AS THEY ARE QUESTIONING ON IT ESCALATED.
QUESTIONING ON IT ESCALATED. >> AND IF HE WAS IN FACT TRYING
>> AND IF HE WAS IN FACT TRYING TO CONCEAL ANY LEGAL KICK BACK
TO CONCEAL ANY LEGAL KICK BACK SCHEME THEN IT WOULD MAKE SENSE
SCHEME THEN IT WOULD MAKE SENSE THAT’S WHY HE TOLD THESE
THAT’S WHY HE TOLD THESE DIFFERENT STORIES.
DIFFERENT STORIES. FIRST, HE SAID IT WAS DEBT OWED
FIRST, HE SAID IT WAS DEBT OWED TO HIM BY GAY AND THEN SAID IT
TO HIM BY GAY AND THEN SAID IT WAS PAYMENT FOR SERVICES
WAS PAYMENT FOR SERVICES RENDERED FOR BUSINESS. HE SENT
RENDERED FOR BUSINESS. HE SENT FABRIZIO FOR YEARS AND IT WAS A
FABRIZIO FOR YEARS AND IT WAS A LOAN AND PRODUCED AN UNSIGNED
LOAN AND PRODUCED AN UNSIGNED LOAN DOCUMENT AND EACH TIME,
LOAN DOCUMENT AND EACH TIME, PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO HIM AND
PROSECUTORS CAME BACK TO HIM AND SAID WELL, THIS DOESN’T LOOK
SAID WELL, THIS DOESN’T LOOK LICK HE PAID IT AND CAME UP WITH
LICK HE PAID IT AND CAME UP WITH ANOTHER STORY.
ANOTHER STORY. THERE ARE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE
THERE ARE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE LEGALITY OF WHAT APPEARS TO HAVE
LEGALITY OF WHAT APPEARS TO HAVE HAPPENED AND MANAFORT MAY BE
HAPPENED AND MANAFORT MAY BE PROTECTING HIS FRIENDS.
PROTECTING HIS FRIENDS. >> WOW.
>> WOW. AND IT MAY BE AT GREAT, GREAT
AND IT MAY BE AT GREAT, GREAT COST.
COST. WE WILL FIND OUT THAT IN DETAIL
WE WILL FIND OUT THAT IN DETAIL ON WEDNESDAY AT HIS SENTENCING.
ON WEDNESDAY AT HIS SENTENCING. WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR
WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR CNBC.COM, CAREFUL WITH WHO YOU
CNBC.COM, CAREFUL WITH WHO YOU CALL.
CALL. YOU HAVE A HABIT OF DISAPPEARING
YOU HAVE A HABIT OF DISAPPEARING PEOPLE, BUT WE’LL FOLLOW YOUR